chore: add roadmap (#1188)
kubeflow/notebooks: README.md

## Documentation

The official documentation for Kubeflow Notebooks can be found [here](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/notebooks/).

> The current roadmap and release planning references are tracked in [`ROADMAP.md`](ROADMAP.md).

Reviewer: See #1189 regarding the releasing information.

```suggestion
The current roadmap is tracked in the issues in this project as described in [`ROADMAP.md`](ROADMAP.md).
```
